Update tag_enrichment.md (#37895)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/services/tag_enrichment.md

## Overview

> Use tag enrichment rules to add tags to your Logs and APM spans without code changes or redeployment, using values from service metadata you've already defined in Catalog, the value of another tag, or a fixed value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use tag enrichment rules to add tags to your Logs and APM spans without code changes or redeployment. You can use values from service metadata you've already defined in Catalog, the value of another tag, or a fixed value.
```
